Feat/worskpace (#93)
LedgerHQ/ledger-nanos-sdk: README.md

# Ledger Device Rust SDK
This workspace contains the 4 crates members of Ledger Device Rust SDK

> * [ledger_device_rust_sdk](./ledger_device_rust_sdk): main Rust SDK crate used by application to use BOLOS API (syscalls and crypto library)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ledger_device_rust_sdk](./ledger_device_rust_sdk): main Rust SDK crate used by application to build an app that run on Bolos OS.
```
Because BOLOS API is exposed in `ledger_secure_sdk_sys` and this crate is more about wrappers and abstractions of the syscalls?
